[Sighs]
[ Knocking ]
Thought you’d
like some breakfast.
Noticed you didn’t
come home last night.
I’m trying to finish up.
Where’s Jack?
I think he’s looking
for your partner.
So, are you still
leaving tonight?
Yeah.
Red-eye.
We’ll be out of your hair soon.
It’ll be good for Jack.
I’ve found that certain
states of transiency—
Well, it’s worse
for kids than adults.
Jack’s fine. He’s strong.
Yeah, sure.
He didn’t drop far from the tree.
That look.
Fifteen years old,
and you already had that look
on your face, right there.
“I already learned
to live alone” look.
And strength like that?
Well, it can prohibit
other things, you know.
Friendship.
And joy.
They become elusive.
I’m old. I can talk.
Yeah, well, you were
a lousy social worker,
so don’t start with me again.
Hi. Find your
new B.F.F.?
No one says that, Mom.
That’s retarded.
We’re leaving tonight,
so make sure you’re packed.
Why can’t we just stay?
Nash’s party is tomorrow.
Because our flight’s
at 11:30.
How much you want to bet
we’re gonna miss it?
I’ll bet you $50 million
that we don’t.
And no welshing either.
You’re gonna work your
whole life to pay that off.
Hey, it’s our last day.
Want to take the boat out, chief?
Yeah, sure. Let’s go.
You coming?
l have some stuff to finish here.
But I’ll catch up.
You almost lost him, Sar.
Don’t let it happen again.
[Oakes ] So we really think the Larsen girl
could have been a serial job?
These were all working girls
from around Sea-Tao.
Rosie doesn’t fit the profile,
but it’s still worth looking at.
I found ammonium hydroxide,
a cleaning compound,
in the teacher’s apartment.
Ditto on Rosie’s tox screen.
What was he doing
with cleaning fluid?
Supposed to be sanding
his floors. But he canceled his
appointment and lied about it.
He was home
all weekend alone.
So you’re thinking she went over
to his place after the dance.
What?
Did the reasoning that informs
a dress code escape you, Holder?
The idea is that the public can feel
we’re competent professionals...
who can be trusted.
You look like you
donate plasma for a living.
I had this since I was like 19.
Are we gettin’ a search warrant
on Ahmed’s place or what?
Look up the word
“circumstantial.”
A.D.A. Bernstein is not signing
off on any ammonium
whatever the hell it is.
He’s been lying since day one.
He married one of his old students.
We might have a crime scene,
Lieu. He could be destroying
evidence as we speak.
Well, then you
better get to work.
[Ship Horn Blows In Distance]
[ Mitch ]
She picked them out for Father’s Day.
I tried telling her,
“Your daddy doesn’t really
need anything like that.”
I pulled those buttons
off my shirt.
Cut holes in the cuffs.
Mmm.
It was Christmas
she gave ’em to me.
No.
No, you wore them
to Christmas Mass,
but she bought ’em
for Father’s Day.
No, she left ’em under the tree.
It had to be Christmas.
l was there when we bought ’em.
She was five.
I remember that day.
She had to be older
because Tom was there—
No. No, he wasn’t.
She was five, Stan. She was five.
Hey.
Do you need me
for anything?
No, we’re-we’re just, um—
You want to check on the boys for me?
Make sure they’re dressed, please.
Sure.
I’m sorry.
Gwen, can we talk?
The new TV spot’s
been airing all morning.
Would you like to see it?
It was a lousy thing to do.
I should never have doubted you.
Or we can do debate prep first.
Go over your talking points again.
Jamie’s coming back
to the campaign.
I knew he wasn’t the leak.
It was my chance to get
at Adams, and I took it.
Smart play.
Jamie must be proud.
I’ve worked with him
for over 10 years. I trust him.
But not me.
When does it end, Darren,
the keeping me out?
I mean, what are
we doing here, Darren?
[Jamie Sighs]
Oh, is that the commercial?
Nice. Let’s have a look.
[ Chuckles ]
All right.
We could strategize
tonight’s debate,
or do we need to indulge
in a little family therapy first?
Have you memorized
your talking points?
Hit Adams on crime and infrastructure.
We’ve been over this for weeks.
Good.
Tonight is our best chance
to switch momentum.
You do this right,
Kennedy-Nixon.
A Principal Meyers
is here to see you.
Mr. Ahmed. Bennet Ahmed.
The police have been
looking into him.
For the Rosie Larsen murder?
I thought you should know.
I know he does a lot
with your programs.
Thank you. Yeah, thank you.
I appreciate it.
Um, I’m up for school board
election next spring.
If I had your endorsement,
it’d go a long way,
and we could work together
for the city.
Yeah. I’ll-I’ll be in touch.
[Announcer On TV]
working WIT/7 law enforcement
to keep criminals off our streets.
His opponent?
Well, he is given a lot of speeches.
Darren Richmond
Action, not talk, for a safer Seattle.
[ TV Pauses ]
What?
Thanks. I hate it when
somebody brings me coffee.
Don’t be like that.
I got you a goin’ away present,
but I’m saving it for when you,
you know, actually go away.
We’ll canvass this block.
Maybe we’ll get lucky,
find somebody who saw her.
I’m starting with Ahmed’s neighbor.
The other side of the street’s yours.
Hey, give me a second.
First one of the day.
It always tastes the best.
After I leave,
and they give the case
to somebody else...
and you’re working traffic,
you can smoke all day.
[ Knocking ]
Morning.
Seattle Police Department.
Can I ask you a few questions?
Mm-hmm.
I guess you’s the police.
Wouldn’t know if
it was fake, I suppose.
Thanks for your time.
Have you lived here long?
Sixteen year.
Mind ifl ask you
some questions about your
upstairs neighbor, Bennet Ahmed?
Got that white wife.
Real pregnant.
Yo, Linden!
I got something.
Excuse me.
Like I was saying,
I knew the time.
I had to close early
to pick up my daughter.
It was 10:00 Friday night.
You saw a girl
go into the building?
Yeah.
White, like he said, dark hair.
She had to knock a while
before somebody let her in.
Did you see her leave?
No. Like I was saying,
I had to pick up my daughter.
How well
could you see her?
Real good.
The porch light was on.
Excellent eyes, me.
My whole family, good eyes.
Good enough to tell
if that was her?
Yeah, that’s her.
No doubt.
Thanks very much.
We’re gonna have to move
those boxes so we can get
some more tables there.
Yeah?
Want me to get a—
get a jack? No?
Let me help you with this one.
I’ll get this side.
Spoke to my buddy
at the high school.
Said he’d find out what
he could, call me later today.
[ Grunts ]
He says the cops
know who did it.
Here. Let me help a little bit.
I always thought this
was so pretty on you.
Let’s try it.
Let’s—
The other way.
Remember how I’d fight
when you’d try to dress me?
Yeah.
You were such a brat.
[ Chuckles ]
[Zipper Zips]
[ Sniffles ]
You look pretty.
Come on, boys.
Come on.
Carpet will be better
for crawling.
We should have done this
in the first place.
Sure he’s not gonna
pull that mobile down?
She’s not gonna pull it down.
Sorry. I’m sorry.
It’s okay.
Do you wish it was a boy?
What? Amber, no.
Of course not.
Well, good.
’Cause you got two of us now,
buddy. You’re outnumbered.
Is that right?
Mm-hmm.
We’re gonna be okay,
aren’t we?
Yeah. Yeah, sure we are.
[ Knocking ]
Yes? What?
Did Rosie Larsen
drop by last Friday?
What?
You mean here, a week ago?
[ Holder]
Yeah. The night
of the dance.
The night
she went missing.
[Sighs ] You know what?
Um, this is crazy,
but-but she did.
She returned a book.
I’m so sorry. I forgot.
Hey, you know,
it happens.
This is the second time you’ve
failed to mention a critical
detail to us, Mr. Ahmed.
Yeah, well, it was so brief.
And-And like I said, I-I just forgot.
What time was she here?
Late, I think. After the dance.
I should have remembered.
This whole thing,
it’s been a shock.
Yeah.
She ran up, returned the book
and-and-and took off.
What book did she drop off?
Some-Some schoolbook.
I don’t know.
Um, one of the, uh—
the Victorian novelists, I think.
Can I take a look at it?
Not without a search warrant.
I gotta go.
I have a funeral to attend.
All right, Mr. Ahmed.
I need you to check all
the footage of the dance.
Watch the time stamp
and tell me the latest
you can find Bennet on film.
Thanks.
That’s it? What the hell?
Let’s put this mope in the box, Linden.
Everything that we’ve got
is circumstantial.
- Man, perception is circumstantial.
- Talk to the neighbors.
See if anybody can I.D. Bennet
around here 10:00 pm. Friday night.
He was here. He let her in.
He was lying.
No shit he was lying.
About letting her in.
[ Door Closes ]
[Engine Starts]
[ Dogs Barking In Distance]
The ad’s already aired 10 times
across three networks.
I pulled the rest of the buy,
and I replaced it with our
old environmental spot.
We’ve gotta
approach this thing
like Adams already knows.
Or if he doesn’t,
he will soon enough.
He’s gonna bring it up.
And when he does,
I’ll say that Bennet Ahmed
is not a formal suspect.
Being looked at
doesn’t mean anything.
They looked at me, Jamie.
Oh, come on.
The car’s attached
to your campaign.
Ahmed’s attached to your program.
You gotta start to distance
yourself, Darren.
Innocent until proven guilty.
I was a public interest attorney
for 15 years.
I’m not about to give up
those principles.
And I will not ruin
this man’s life by effectively
declaring him guilty in public.
Well, then there’s a question
you need to answer.
What kind of candidate
do you want to be?
What kind of man do you want to be?
Do you skate by and maybe
make things worse for this man,
or do you stand up
for what you believe in?
Spare me
the social justice crap.
It’s who I am, Jamie.
Who you are is five words!
Dead girl in a trunk!
I’ll see you at the TV studio.
J‘J‘ [ Organ, Low]
[Holder]
lt’s l/lre there’s two of me,
and one of ’em,
he knows exactly what to do
in every situation.
The problem is that...
it always ends up
in the same place.
And-And then there’s the other me,
the one I’m supposed to be.
He’s just weak.
Your choice
which one to follow.
So what’s happening
with the case?
Looks like the teacher did it.
You close to an arrest?
Maybe.
I should probably
get going.
Hey.
Stan, the father.
Eighteen years ago,
he was thick
with the Kovarsky mob.
Muscle for Janek Kovarsky.
Seriously?
Had a gambling
problem too.
Pretty serious,
as I recall.
He didn’t have a record.
Dead men
don’t press charges.
[Cell Phone Rings]
[ Rings, Beeps]
Linden.
You sure he was
at the dance that long?
Thanks.
[ Door Closes ]
Dad.
Yeah?
Can I help?
Yeah. Hey, Jeff.
Let him in here.
Bennet couldn’t have let Rosie in.
He’s on tape at the dance at 11:20,
and that store owner saw Rosie
at the apartment at 10:00.
[ Holder] So who let her in ?
His wife was at her sister’s that night.
So talk to the sister. Confirm it.
Detective.
The funeral’s started,
Councilman.
I was late getting away.
I wanted to be here
to acknowledge the tragedy.
They don’t want anybody
who’s not friends or family.
I was just leaving.
I was wondering if you’d
share something with me.
Not if it pertains
to the Larsen case.
I know you’re looking
at Bennet Ahmed.
Who told you that?
So you are.
Do you think he did it?
Off the record.
Have a good day,
Councilman.
[Cell Phone Rings]
[ Rings]
What time was that Friday night
that your sister arrived at your place?
It was nearly 1:00
in the morning.
Amber was real upset.
Her husband. What else?
I try not to harp on it.
You don’t like Bennet.
Uh... Iwouldjust say
I don’t think he’s right for my sister.
Leave it at that.
Mine doesn’t come off.
Did she tell you specifically
what upset her that night?
Hmm. She felt like Bennet
was keeping secrets.
She didn’t say about what,
but she’d been crying.
I could tell.
Amber say why she was late
getting to your place?
No.
She’s not happy.
We knew she wouldn’t be.
We barely see her now.
It’s like he’s made her
shun her whole family.
Hmm.
With the world
what it is—
I mean, there’s a war on,
and I don’t mean
to sound prejudiced,
but it seems pretty clear
which side is which.
Right.
Amen to that.
[ Chuckles ]
I was surprised
to get your call, Senator.
Councilman.
Thanks for meeting.
My daughter admires you.
Thinks you’re a good man.
We’re not here to talk
about Gwen, are we?
No.
There’s a saying that
successful politicians
come to understand.
First, you win.
Then, you do good.
I appreciate your point,
Senator, but I’m missing—
People are watching,
Darren.
Thinking about your future in the party.
Talking about how far you might go.
People with the means
to build that future.
But there’s concern that
you don’t know how to win.
That maybe you’re
not capable of it.
Is that some kind of threat?
It’s a warning.
You can’t win,
you’re no good to anyone.
Keep away
from that teacher.
Cut him loose.
Anything else will be suicide.
I’ll handle this my way.
Then we’ll see
how the chips fall.
Good luck tonight.
It’s so Rosie can find us
when she flies over.
Come on.
Where were you?
You sent your father
to talk to me?
What?
You really think
that would work?
It was me.
I called.
Figured you’d be pissed,
but it was necessary.
What the hell are you
talking about, Jamie?
Look, we’re at war, Darren.
All due respect, you show up
at a gunfight with more
than just your good looks.
You called my father?
Well, well, well.
Look who we have here.
You haven’t been
answering our calls,
Jamie.
Like to hedge your bets,
huh, kid?
Mr. Fair Play.
Mr. Transparency.
What a load of shit.
Not my fault
you snapped him up soon as
he hit the water, is it?
Love the new commercial.
[ Bell Rings]
,U‘ [ Classical]
I know you’re not that hungry,
but try to eat anyway, okay?
Thanks for coming.
So sorry for your loss.
I’m sorry Jasper
couldn’t make it.
I think the kids are mourning
in their own way.
Hi.
[Sighs]
Want something else?
You sure you got enough?
Yeah? Okay.
You want to sit, maybe?
No, thank you.
No?
Are you guys hungry?
| just got them
sandwiches.
[ Scoffs ]
Well, you do realize you’re
not part of this family, right?
[Cell Phone Rings]
[ Rings]
You guys want to eat
some vegetables?
Yeah?
The teacher?
Yeah, he’s here now.
[Whispering ]
I got that call
from my friend.
He says it’s the teacher,
Bennet Ahmed.
The black guy standing
behind you right now.
I should, uh—
I should go. Bye.
[Chattering ]
So I guess you
a real detective.
You said that you had
information when you called?
I need you to arrest
this dirty old man with
the telescope across the way.
Tell him to stop
spyin’ on people.
He lives in
that building there?
He’s always peepin’ out
of that window.
Tell me he’s watching stars.
Like I’m stupid.
Can’t see no stars in the city.
You watch out your window
a lot, sir?
Well, yeah, sure.
The stars, with my telescope.
Can I take a look?
Uh,yeah.
The thing is that, uh—
[Mumbling]
So you’ve got quite a view
into your neighbors’ backyards,
don’t you?
Is this about that girl?
Look, as far as l—
I expect stability
in my routines,
l— I don’t engage.
ljust, uh—
I keep to myself.
But I was at that window,
um, 12:03 Saturday morning.
You always up at midnight?
Yeah.
I track, uh, gamma rads
and, uh, radio waves,
uh, ultraviolet emissions.
And you saw something?
Uh, that man
with the dreads.
I— I don’t
make assumptions,
you understand—
You saw Bennet Ahmed
outside around midnight.
What was he doing?
Um, he was with a girl.
Uh, it was raining,
so I couldn’t— I couldn’t
make out a lot of detail.
But I did see that she was
wrapped in a blanket,
um, not moving.
And they were
sort of carrying her,
and then they all got in
a black car and drove away.
They?
That man...
and, uh, another
smallish type person,
um, kind of like you.
A woman?
Amber wasn’t supposed
to be home, but she was.
She knows her husband’s
keeping secrets.
He’s still at the dance
when Rosie comes by.
So Amber goes off,
loses her mind...
and Bennet comes home
and helps her cover it up.
That’s why he canceled
on the flooring guys.
And it explains
what the neighbor saw.
Think we can get that
search warrant now?
[ Linden ]
Seattle Police Department!
We need you to open the door!
[ Holder]
Mrs. Ahmed,
we need you to open this door.
[ Knocking ]
[ Linden ]
Mrs. Ahmed, open the door right now.
[ Knocking ]
We have a witness
who saw the suspect
and somebody else...
carrying the Larsen girl
out of the building
at midnight.
We think the accomplice
was the wife.
She’s not home,
but we’re headed out
to pick up Mr. Ahmed now.
A.D.A. Bernstein
will call back.
Hey, check this.
Old buddy of mine?
He said Stan Larsen
used to be mobbed up with the Poles.
He said he might have
killed some guys.
Since when?
Got out of the game
a long time ago. Stayed out.
You didn’t think
to tell me this earlier?
The girl look like
a mob hit to you?
Call Bennet right now.
Warn him we’re coming?
Hell no.
Holder, call him.
[Cell Phone Beeping ]
Rosie was a great kid,
Mr. Larsen, and, uh,
she’ll be missed.
Uh, you know, I should, uh—
I should be going.
My wife is picking me up.
I should call her.
Let me give you a ride.
You can tell me
some more about Rosie.
Oh, you know what?
You don’t have to bother with—
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You’d be doing me the favor.
I gotta get outta here.
Can’t take it anymore, you know?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
[ Rings]
Now in contrast,
I’ve shown a commitment
to jobs and infrastructure,
and it’s precisely those policies
which have Seattle...
weathering this country’s
current recession better
than the rest of the nation.
I don’t think we should be
satisfied with better.
I don’t think
8.7% unemployment is better.
I don’t think a 12% increase
in crime is better.
We’ve yet to hear
a specific program or policy
from you though, Councilman.
For instance, your approach
to the problem of gang violence.
Community improvements under
the aegis of green development.
Police outreach—
Describing a vague dream
of a perfect world doesn’t
quite answer the question.
“In dreams begin responsibilities.”
Those are wise words, Mr. Mayor.
The dream of a better world,
the dream of a better self.
These are the ambitions
behind my campaign’s programs.
Uh, the community investment
and sustainable jobs initiatives.
You know, from time to time,
we forget who we are
and why we do what we do.
That’s why we have elections:
To redefine where we’re all going together.
We define
our dreams together.
And it does not seem naive
to me to want more,
to reach out for more than
the mayor’s corporate status quo.
l-l think you just missed the exit.
Mr. Larsen.
When you coddle
the violent criminal,
you approve the commission
of crime, and-and you let them
loose again...
amongst our communities,
our children.
And again, I need to point out,
we see no concrete, viable alternative
offered from the councilman.
Councilman Richmond?
Actually,
I have the perfect example...
of the kind of initiative that the mayor
has been disparaging all evening.
It is a community
education program.
And every neighborhood
that’s hosted it,
every school we’ve gone into...
has witnessed not
only significant decreases
in gang activity...
but increases
in graduation rates.
Which program
are you referring to?
A program I am very proud of.
It’s called Seattle All Stars,
and it’s been
an unqualified success.
This is what I mean
aboutcoddHng.
Isn’t it true that one
of your leading mentors
in that program...
is the chief suspect
in the Rosie Larsen murder?
It is ridiculous to consider
that a man who has not been
charged with a thing—
Councilman, is this true?
No one has been arrested.
We have a thing called
due process in this country,
and it works.
I can’t help
that your sympathies
are misplaced, Councilman.
This debate is not about
the Rosie Larsen case.
It seems pretty relevant to me.
I think violent criminals
should go to prison.
The councilman wants
to protect their reputations.
You’re done, son.
The state of Washington is off-limits.
So pack your bags,
’cause in two weeks,
your little career flames out.
[ Richmond ] I will say again,
the man is not a suspect.
He is a person of interest.
ls Bennet Ahmed here?
The teacher? He left.
Everybody left.
When did he leave,
Mrs. Larsen?
He got a ride home
with Stan.
Stay here.
I’ll follow the route back to Ahmed’s.
And keep calling him.
[ Mitch ]
What’s going on?
[ Woman ]
,r The most tender place in my heart ,r
,r is for strangers ,r
,r lknow it’s unkind ,r
,r But my own blood
is much too dangerous ,r
,r Hangin ’ round the ce/ling half the time ,r
,r Hangin ’ round
the ceiling half the time ,r
,r Compared to some l’I/e been around ,r
,r But / really tried so hard ,r
,r That echo chorus lied to me with its ,r
,r Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on ,r
[Siren Wailing]
,r in the endl was the mean girl ,r
,r Or somebody’s in-between girl ,r
,r Now it’s the deI/i/ / love ,r
,r That echo chorus lied to me with its ,r
,r Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on ,r,r
English - US - PSDH